Updater control panel changed location (#456)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/upgrading/update.adoc

3.  Verify that the HTTP user on your system can write to your whole
ownCloud directory; see the xref:setting-permissions-for-updating[Setting Permissions for Updating] section
below.

> 4.  Navigate to your Admin page and click the btn:[Open updater] button
> under General. This takes you to the Updater control panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Navigate to menu:Settings[Admin > General] and click the btn:[Open updater] button. This takes you to the Updater control panel.
```
